---
title: Process Journal Update
description: Taking delivery from Zebra
categories: [journal,computer]
emoji: 👍
---

Today, we got all of the computers that we needed from Zebra Robotics, and we are again, *very* pleased with these.

## Pictures

## Other Accomplishments
Today, Dev gave me some of the cocmputers that weren't working from Mr. Kern, so that if any from Zebra weren't working, I could swap the hard drives and see if I could get them working. 

I managed to swap a couple of them, and as a result, we have the full 6 computers from Zebra, rather than 3 broken ones and 3 working ones.

## Other Work
Now that all of the computers have been secured, all that we have left to do is contact some organizations.

As we've said before, we think that the one that we should focus on is Erinoaks Kids. They are a developmental facility for children wil disabilities, of both mental and physical kinds. We think that this project is a great opportunity to show technology to people that need it most, and will be the most interested in it.

As a result, we originally thought that students should get the computers, but we ended up taking that idea away, because the Peel Board has already done a pretty good job of making sure that every student gets technology in some form, be it through Chromebooks or PCs from the library.

Because this was the case, Dev and I decided that it would be in our best interests to give to computers away to poeple who have seen technology less than others, and it occurred to us that we should donate our computers to a health organization, so that is our goal from now.