---
layout: default
title: Process Journal Update
description: Starting Delivery
category: journal
emoji: 😅
---

## Status
After spending all of last week making frantic calls, we have finally found a couple of people that are willing to take in our donations of computers. However, they are taking them in a bit late for our standards; one of them is taking it on Saturday, which is tomorrow, but the others are taking them in during *the week*, which brings us dangerously close to our deadline of May 1st.

## The People
I've found two people that are willing to take in computers in my neighbourhood, and we think that both of them really need it. They're both students that lack proper resources for education, and would really like something to work better with them and their relationship with technology, and that's where we come in. For our process journal, we asked them to give us some information about themselves, and here is that information:

### Nishan Athwal
Nishan is a student at Sir John A. Macdonald, in the French Program. He loves school, but he thinks that he could definitely benefit from having a working computer: his last one broke when he was 4 (9 **years** ago!)

### Fayaan
Like Nishan, Fayann is a student, but he studies at Castlebrooke High School. He sin't a big fan of school, but he think that that could be fixed with proper technology in his house.

## The Organizations
Along with those two students, a couple of organizations have showed interest in the project, and will be willing to take in computers (Dev is organizing that part)

### The Salvation Army
This organization is quite well-known for thie refforts in charity, and we think that they'd be a perfect addition to our program. The campus that we'll be giving our computers to is all bout Family Life, for people that have had a hard time keeping themselves off the streets. With the addition of technology to their campus, we think that their lives ouwld be greatly improved.

