---
title: Process Journal Update
description: Reflections
category: journal
emoji: 😶
---

During this project, we wanted to take some time to reflect on the impact we have make to the community, what we could have improved on, and the steps we took to achieving our end goal.

## Impact

We both believe that the impact we made was strong and inspiring. Computers have always been described as a trend, product, and by some even a waste of time.  Yet, when you look at its implications, computers are a powerful tool and have shaped the world around us. Wherever you go, you can observe the applications of computers from the phones we hold in our hands to the ISS. As children, both of us have been exposed to this revolutionary tool and have transformed our lives with it. We’ve begun to learn more about the world around us and achieved new accomplishments. Computers have opened a gateway of opportunity for millions across the world and especially in developed countries. 

However, not everyone has access. 

In Ontario alone, **more than 200 000** families cannot afford computers. Most of these are new immigrants who are came to Canada looking for new opportunity and jobs. Others are underprivileged families and children who struggle to make ends and cannot afford to purchase computers. Some may be teachers, students, schools, or your next door neighbour. Many schools cannot afford to purchase computers while some institutions and families do not understand how to use computers. There are so many barriers and hurdles for ordinary people that keeps them from achieving great heights. The difference in opportunity and personal growth is crystal clear between one of our families and an underprivileged one; this was a need that had to be addressed. 

As visionaries, computer lovers, and people trying to make some change, we believe that everyone should get an equal opportunity to explore their interests and be apart of a growing, interconnected community of doers. Our mission was to get a computer in the hands of someone in need, whether that's a family or a new student in this country. 

Our mission was to provide opportunity for all. We wanted to give someone a grasp of one of the most powerful tools in the world. Having a computer can fundamentally change your life, and we wanted to change someone’s life for the better. 

Throughout the past 6 months, we’ve gathered over 20 free computers, refurbished them, contacted over 50 organizations, collected data on the need of computers, spread the word about our cause, and ultimately changed peoples' livesm. 

We’ve been able to provide each and every one of these computers to individuals and organizations including underprivileged young women, new immigrants, students, children, and families. Providing them a tool that can change their life was a big moment for us. Giving back to the community through in a way that can fundamentally change someone’s life and give them new opportunity warms our heart. Providing this simple tool not only allowed us to reflect on the importance of technology in our lives but also gave us a chance to give back to a community that has given us so much. 

## Improvements

Throughout this project, both of us believed there were some issues and challenges that we faced which could have been handled a lot better. The first one was the issue of getting contacts to donate computers. Both of us spent and incredibly long time period making multiple calls and sending countless emails where we would only receive a negative response. To further speed up the collection of computer, we could have better utilize our resources that we already had. For example, we could have spread the word around our school and contacted teachers to see if they knew anyone who might be able to help. We could have also potentially conversed with more principals and schools and try to get the community involved. However, with the unsuccessful attempt with Helen Wilson, we believed that it wouldn’t made that much of an impact. If we would have first focused on collecting computers rather than collecting data on the need for computers in our community, then we would have not only been able to collect more computers but also distribute them to more people and have a greater impact to the community. 
