---
title: Process Journal Update
description: Starting to give computers
categories: [journal,computer]
emoji: 🔛
---

Throughout this process, we were stuck at contacting other organizations including Erin Oaks, Sick Kids, and the Alzheimer’s Society of Canada. However, they could not support our initiative as they had strict policies and could only accept new devices/toys. With this disappointment, we directed our efforts towards finding charities directly involved with donating computers to families and individuals in need. We believe that their resources and expertise would provide the greatest contribution to our community. 


## Donating to Organizations
Taking the focus of new immigrants and unfortunate individuals who cannot afford computers, we found a multitude of different organizations and charities that take computers as donations and provide them to families in need. We believe that each and every individual should have access to technology as it allows them to open new doors and provides new opportunity in their lives. We found a total of 4 different possible target groups: -- Kids, Cops, and Computers -- Sky’s the Limit -- The Salvation Army -- Welcome Centers of Canada. Kids, COPs, and Computers and Sky’s the Limit did not respond to my emails or countless calls. These organizations were directed and sent to Dev by Katrina Dokor, the Brampton Library Branch Manager at South Fletchers. Dev also emailed the Welcome Centers of Canada but never got a response from them despite countless calls and email conversations. We then confronted the Salvation Army and we got a great response from them. 

As we explained our situation, they directed us and told us that they had young women and new immigrants who were in need of computers. We then decided a day to drop off the computers and get a chance to interview the staff of the Salvation Army who have worked with these individuals and their opinions on the need of digital literacy and technological stewardship in our community. 

## Individuals in the Community
Because the idea of contacting different organizations wasn’t working, we decided to take a different approach. Rishi had noticed that communities down his block had families that were new immigrants along with families that couldn’t afford basic necessities. With this information in mind, we went out passing flyers that we had made and going door to door to talk about our project with some of these families. Throughout this process, we found 2 people that were in need of a computer. 

One of these people was Nishan, a grade 8 student whose parents had come from India as new immigrants about 10 years ago. We talked to him about the need for computers in  a student’s life from his perspective along with what he feels computers should be used for in our community. He responded by talking about his experiences as to how his PC broke 9 years ago and ever since then, he hasn’t gained any exposure to computers. We then taught him how to use a computer, helped him set it up, and provided resources for him to learn about programming and the aspects of technology. Click here for the full interview as well as images of us giving him computers. 

Another student was Fayaaz, a high school senior who will soon be going to university and will be fending off for himself. During our interview, we talked to him about how it will be for him in university. He stated that it will be a struggle but I want to use this computer to further improve my skills for personal growth and kick starting my career. Click here for the full interview as well as images of us giving him computers. 
