---
title: Process Journal Update
description: Just getting started.
categories: journal
emoji: 😄
---
## Overview of entry
This entry isz the first one that we've done, and so will be relatively vague. In the time from the start of our project to now, we've contacted multiple organizations, and fulfilled most of our goals that we've set in December.

***

## Goals set in December
Here are the majority of the goals that we set in December.
### Get in touch with computer companies
This is pretty self-explanatory: our goal from December was to start finding places where we could get computers, from various sources.
### Work on research
We also set a goal to work on our research, and finish it if we could.

***

## Accomplishments
Here are the things that we've done in this time period.
### Completed research for project
We've completed all of the research that we need for our project, which largely consists of actually identifying the problem, the feasibility of the project, and who we should contact. We've decided to go head-first into this, and so we haven't planned all too much, rather deciding to go and soleve problems as we go.

### Started to contact organizations for computers
To start our project, we've found a couple of organizations that we can contact for our project, as well as some teachers.

#### Organizations:
- COM2 Recycling
- Zebra Robotics
- HiTech Recycling
- Freegeek Toronto or Missisauga

#### Teachers
- Mr. Sam Kern, Centennial Secondary School
    - He helped us when we were in Tech Club last year, and so we think that he'd be a good candidate for this program to help us out.
- Mr. Dobby, Centennial Secondary School
    - He was the one that provided the means of a server to boot all of the computers from, and his knowledge would be greatly needed for this project to actually work.

***

## Goals for Project
### Make some form of todo-management system
We think that going forwards, we should use a good todo-management system or project management system for organization purposes.

Some possible places are:
- Todoist
- Monday.com
- Slack functionality
- Google Calendar

Out of all of the options, it looks as though Todoist or Monday.com are the strongest choices, because we can schedule tyhings much better, and we can assign tasks to certain people.
### Format research into report for clients to use
A report will be needed for clients that don't always have an internet connection, or want a paper copy; we cant' just print out a website.

This will consist of largely the same things as the website will, but on paper. We think that using a scientific format such as LaTeX will be nice, but the end result would be too convoluted, so some styling will be needed.
### Format research into website for clients
Our decision to make a website is founded on the fact that both of us are mianly web developers, and that a website would be the msot accesible form of communication to our clients.

We've decided to host our website on Github Pages, and make it completely open source, so that we can use this as a resource if we are to expand our project further, into actually teaching people programming. The backend will be written in Ruby, and we'll be using Jekyll as the site generator for the static things, like the posts and images.