---
title: Process Journal Update
description: Just waiting around.
categories: journal
emoji: ✍️
---

## Overview of Entry
Despite contacting over 30 organizations through multiple calls and email conversations, we’ve changed our focus and have decided to donate these computers to a charitable organization involving children with learning disabilities. We were inspired by Share-IT’s CFO, Ranjana Mitra who guided us by informing us about the lack of access of technology for children with learning disabilities and how they haven’t been exposed to computers as well as we might. We’ve decided to break that barrier by teaching kids about the applications of computers, how to use one, and programming in a fun way. Then, we would donate the computers to the facility for children to use and expand their knowledge of programming. Currently, we have found 2 concrete computer retailers and are just waiting for a response.  

---

## Goals set in February

### Find retailers and collect computers
We really need to pull ourselves together and find some steady contacts that can really provide us with computers. Currently, we have none. 

### Finish up the website
This isn’t a major priority but we are trying to finish up our website to advertise our initiative and start our process journal. 

### Marketing our initiative to others
We want to spread the word about our initiative throughout the community. That is why we’ve created a flyer and a digital slideshow that we are sharing through social media. We’ve done so through our local hack club and through twitter, facebook, and instagram. 

---

## Acheivements

### Contacted different organizations for computers
We have collectively contacted over 30 organizations and despite our urging, we have not gotten any computers due to privacy reasons and because of the fact that their business cannot support it. 
We talked to Mr. Johncox about our idea of contacting the other two for information, and he said that it is a pretty good idea, and told us about the idea of contacting Mrs. Gahunia for better information; she governs more of the student body.

However, we have received help from Free Geek Toronto where they wish to assist us with reimaging, donate us some hard drives, and also provide us with batteries in the event that they were ever broken. They even provided us with information for reimaging the computers and give us more recommendations on the process such as using Linux Mint as our main OS and mass-imaging the computers.

We have established a strong set of connections that can potentially help us. We also contacted HiTech again and they really liked our idea. We’ve given them a list of our project and what we’re asking for and we are supposed to get a call back from them soon. Hopefully, they can provide us with computers and monitors and really boost our project. 

### Zebra Robotics 
We had also finalized a deal with Zebra Robotics as of March 20th, an organization that helps teach young children about computer programming and robotics. Based on what we’ve discussed with them, we will be receiving the computers by April 5th which is the earliest they can provide them to us. 

We have been promised 10 computers and 5 laptops so we are sure to have those by the beginning of April. As of now, we are also skeptical as to how we will receive monitors from organizations so as of now, we are directing our time to Zebra and really monitoring their involvement with us. 

### Share-IT and another approach
Share-IT’s director of operations, Ranjana Mitra, also gave us tips and recommendations on our project and they said that we should try to donate these computers to an organization, which we have made our next goal. However, we don't want to promise them anything as we are still not sure if we will receive those computers.

Currently, we’re inquiring about Erin Oaks, the Alzheimer’s Society of Canada, and Sick Kids. As of now, we are more towards shifting our focus at proving computers and education to children in these organizations so that we can further empower and facilitate their love for technology and science. 

We believe that it would not only get them engaged in an inclusive community of technology but will also expose them to something new and exciting. Because of their learning disabilities, we want to take a new and more interactive approach to teaching them how to code and navigate a computer which is why we are hoping to use toys, cool design features, and online games with iconic characters from movies and films to spark interest in them.

On the side, we are looking to host an hour of code where we introduce the children to programming and teach them about its ins and outs while making it fun and interactive. 

### Flyers and setup with Helen Wilson

We have also created our flyers, forms, and <a class="bg-animate no-underline bg-{{site.brand_color}}" href="https://create.piktochart.com/output/38055023-untitled-poster">slides</a> and Google Forms. We also handed them out to Helen Wilson where their principal, Shannon Lee, posted it on her twitter and the school website. 

We have given her the deadline of April 23 to collect all of the computers so hopefully, we will have enough. We’ve also been going around to other institutions and apartments to see if we can set up a small donation drive for laptops and computers. Alas, we have been declined by many of them and have diverted our efforts to Helen Wilson.

### Contacted Sam Kern for computers
Mr. Kern was very cooperative with us and supported our idea heavily. We told him about our plan and he talked to us saying that he could help us with reimaging the computers and also providing us with computers. In a series of email conversations, we agreed that Mr. Kern would stop by at an organization called Renewed Computers Technology (an organization that we had previously applied to for donations) and bring some of his own old computers and donate them to us. We organized a date of April 10th for him to organize the computers and drop them off at our school. Our project is looking great right now and we will see where it goes. 

---

## Goals Set

### Collect computers from retailers and reimage them
After we collect the computers, the next obvious step would be to create a flash drive or image for every computer to reimage them. We need to set up a system where we can effectively reimage the computers individually and also share an imaging tool amongst ourselves. 

### Touch base with Mr. Johncox
As the due date nears, we are slightly skeptical regarding whether we will receive the computers or not. We want to check in with our community project advisor to see if he can give us some tips or recommendations along with what our next steps should be. 

### Contact organizations for donating and teaching
Before we get the computers, we should most likely check in with organizations to see if they are willing to have a workshop for these kids and whether it would be feasible. 
